Dawn Abriel: It is March 16 2020 and this will be the intake for see if I can find her name.
Dawn Abriel: Suzanne Grossman.
Dawn Abriel: Go ahead and get started with her chart.
Dawn Abriel: Your Suzanne.
Suzanne Grossman: Suzanne Grossman.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm Dr. Rob real
Suzanne Grossman: Nice to meet you.
Dawn Abriel: You too. So I was just looking at the one of the assessments that you did.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: It looks like there's a lot of anxiety and
Dawn Abriel: Depression going on is that what is true for you.
Suzanne Grossman: That's because I have chronic pancreatitis, and we're trying to save my life right now.
Suzanne Grossman: So it's pretty normal.
Dawn Abriel: OK, so
Dawn Abriel: The depression is from the chronic disease. It's not from wishing you weren't on the planet anymore.
Suzanne Grossman: No, it's because they're failing me right now and it's been four and a half years. So the latest suggestion.
Suzanne Grossman: Was I asked my doctor for referrals to Krista St. Vincent and Santa Fe, the Mayo Clinic in Arizona doesn't take Presbyterian Centennial
Suzanne Grossman: So I did get in last Thursday. She said that I should try Suboxone and we're going to do an endoscopy where you go in and you douse the pancreas alcohol.
Suzanne Grossman: And It numbs the nerves for up to a month. So she's thinking that since I've been on opioids for, you know, four years of the four and a half and we keep increasing the dosage and I don't like it.
Suzanne Grossman: So,
Suzanne Grossman: She thinks I might have something called hyper hyper galena.
Dawn Abriel: Guys, yeah.
Suzanne Grossman: That's it, yeah.
Suzanne Grossman: I've got some paper.
Dawn Abriel: If she explained that to you.
Suzanne Grossman: Yes. And then I Googled
Suzanne Grossman: I've been up since 230 Googling so box to box own and I did a live chat with some government woman 230 in the morning, who told me it's addictive, which I didn't know
Dawn Abriel: Well, look, your you would be substituting a short acting opioid with a long acting opioids.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so they're both opioids.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So, yes.
Dawn Abriel: You want to do would go through withdrawal. If you stop taking the buprenorphine.
Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Well, I do want to do this because this is what was suggested, and then I called casement behavioral health on Wyoming and they suggested brighter heart. And that's how we got this going. And so I
Suzanne Grossman: I sent Natalie have luck.
Suzanne Grossman: On Saturday morning the office was closed. But I sent her a note via the new patient portal that the referral. She gave me for a sec with UNAM which is alcohol substance abuse that I wanted to go with you again for your name and bright heart health.
Suzanne Grossman: So hopefully, she's got it this morning.
Suzanne Grossman: But that's our new game plan.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: So the this is more of a physical dependence, rather than an addiction.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, if I don't take it, then I start getting sick because I haven't taken it.
Suzanne Grossman: Regular days I'm not in pain from my pancreas, and I don't want that opioid but then I have to take it because I'm addicted. Right. Oh.
Dawn Abriel: Well, so let's be clear about something. There's a difference between addiction and physical dependence. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Addiction is when you take a substance.
Dawn Abriel: Knowing that it's really bad for you, and you don't care about the consequences.
Dawn Abriel: You know, there will be negative consequences and you do it anyway. That's addiction.
Dawn Abriel: physical dependence means your body, your chemistry.
Dawn Abriel: Has gotten so used to having a large amount of this chemical present that it signals withdrawal when when it's not around. Yes. Okay, so that
The capillaries.
Dawn Abriel: Important
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, I did they
Dawn Abriel: Did they tell you that we have a pain doctor with right heart health.
Suzanne Grossman: Know, I started this once. Karen at kaseman. All I got was her first name. I've been a patient of kaseman for over a decade, I go with Dr. Pierre
Suzanne Grossman: And that day I got a woman and Karen. I've never spoken to, and she told me about this bright heart. And she said, for what I'm going through this is what I need to do video conferencing.
Dawn Abriel: Okay so we are mostly an addiction program. We help people who
Dawn Abriel: Are, you know, had a pain problem and stayed on the medicine and and found that they just didn't have to face life they got to numb out, they didn't
Dawn Abriel: They really didn't have to progress in their emotional well being, because they were numbed out with every life problem so
Dawn Abriel: And then decided that maybe they would like to see what life is like without being on opioids. So that's mostly what we do.
Dawn Abriel: We do some alcohol methamphetamine. And there are a few people who are like really pretty pure pain and
Dawn Abriel: I like to put them in a particular time slot so that you guys are all together. So are you working
Suzanne Grossman: No, I haven't worked since 2005
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so would you be able to meet Wednesdays at 130
Suzanne Grossman: Yes, I'm OK.
Dawn Abriel: So the way this would work is
Dawn Abriel: You would come to a group with me and a woman a therapist named Dominique one week. The next week, you would go with Dr. Jackson. The next week me the next week. Jackson, you would just alternate
Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Is this via what we're doing now.
Dawn Abriel: Yep. Everything's done on computer
Dawn Abriel: You do not have to leave the house.
Dawn Abriel: And given these times, it's really handy.
Suzanne Grossman: Yes, it is. I don't even want to talk about these times.
Suzanne Grossman: Or yeah really yeah so
Dawn Abriel: Let me go through my little spiel here. Are you living in Albuquerque.
Suzanne Grossman: I live in San Diego park outside of Albuquerque. Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: By the ski area.
Suzanne Grossman: Did you are an Albuquerque. Right.
Dawn Abriel: No, I, I live in Santa Fe, but
OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK, so your, your last dose of opioid was this morning.
Suzanne Grossman: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And how much
Suzanne Grossman: It was 8am. It was 30 milligram
Dawn Abriel: And you take that three times a day.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you've never done IV drugs.
No.
Dawn Abriel: But the tolerance independence.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Chronic
Dawn Abriel: Disease.
Dawn Abriel: Any overdoses medical problems or legal issues related to
Now,
Dawn Abriel: And I'm guessing that you're. This is all been prescription. So your life hasn't turned into how to get the drug, thinking about the drugs.
Suzanne Grossman: Um, it hasn't yet, but it's gonna be that way. If I can't
Suzanne Grossman: Do this. I mean, I really want to try this.
Suzanne Grossman: No.
Suzanne Grossman: I'm a, I'm a very reclusive person I live alone I'm up in the mountain. And I'm very close to my family. And that's it. I really don't have a social life. So for me to go out and try to find something would be extremely hard, I'd have to really put some effort in there.
Dawn Abriel: Have you done any illicit drugs. Did you smoke marijuana when you were a kid or
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, when I was a kid.
Dawn Abriel: Like how old
Suzanne Grossman: 16 years old.
Suzanne Grossman: Out in Denver, Colorado, little high school trying to be cool.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, I'm not good with
Marijuana
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: How long did that period last
Suzanne Grossman: It was very brief like I tried it a few times now I have my medical marijuana card and
Suzanne Grossman: You know, I bought a bunch of medical marijuana and I don't enjoy it. It doesn't seem to help, but anything it's sometimes, it increases the pancreas pain because it's a deep. Yeah, it's not. I have my card. I don't use it that often.
Suzanne Grossman: It's like a security blanket and I don't know why I'm holding on to it because it doesn't work for me.
Dawn Abriel: Now, and
Dawn Abriel: And you specifically found a preparation that was meant for pain.
Dawn Abriel: Because not all prefer not all plant species of marijuana are will address pain.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, we've been through all of this.
Suzanne Grossman: I got hard. Yeah, we're good.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have sleep and anxiety will use, you do have those
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: So one of the things that opioids really mess with your brain, whether you take it for pain or take it recreationally it messes with your brain.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. So have you ever been hospitalized for mental health issue.
Suzanne Grossman: It's
Suzanne Grossman: Not an overnight stay but yes I so many years ago, probably 2006
Dawn Abriel: And what was that for
Suzanne Grossman: Depression, and it was just a brief man I was extremely depressed and I called him, I said, I want to offer myself and we were there was, there may be six hours that kaseman and that was it.
Suzanne Grossman: So,
Dawn Abriel: And you got lined up with the therapist or
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, I've been with casement behavioral health for well over a decade.
Suzanne Grossman: I'm secure with my therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you, you will have to get a bio psychosocial by one of our therapists, but that's just to be in the program. You can stay with your own therapist.
Dawn Abriel: We don't have to. It's really probably not a good idea to have more than one therapist. Anyway, so we try to honor that. What would you say your self esteem is like right now.
Suzanne Grossman: It's pretty low. Just because I mean I was a size 12 and zero.
Dawn Abriel: And your stress level.
Suzanne Grossman: Is high
Suzanne Grossman: But in an eight out of 10
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so
Dawn Abriel: Let's go to the past medical history, and I will put in. Let's see. This is there a pancreatitis already here. Yeah. And so the pancreatitis was brought on by what
Dawn Abriel: Alcoholism okay
Dawn Abriel: And when did that start with the diagnosis.
Suzanne Grossman: November 2015 okay
Dawn Abriel: So I'm going to read a whole long list of things just stop me if any of them apply to you. Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your blood type is
Suzanne Grossman: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Any head trauma I ear, nose or throat difficulties any breathing problems with chronic asthma pneumonias. Do you have any muscle joint bone problems.
Dawn Abriel: I don't, I really do all
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah don't include any withdrawal symptoms. Okay. No, they don't count diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases or tested positive for tuberculosis.
Dawn Abriel: New skin problems with rashes new moles epilepsy, seizures, to be your headaches stroke bipolar, we will put depression and when did the depression start
Suzanne Grossman: When I was a teenager probably okay.
Suzanne Grossman: And then it goes away and I was fine. And now I'm sick, so it's back. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No hallucinations or delusions and there was suicidal thoughts and one suicide attempt. When you were
Suzanne Grossman: In like 2006
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you don't have chronic sinus problems infections are allergic rhinitis cirrhosis. Do you have any liver disease.
Suzanne Grossman: No, my livers. Fantastic.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that's amazing.
Suzanne Grossman: It's
Know them.
Suzanne Grossman: Part of it was alcohol and herb called garston yet Cambodia.
Suzanne Grossman: That's what gave me pancreatitis. So my liver is beautiful from the Garcia Cambodia.
Suzanne Grossman: What my pain is that the hits and yeah
Dawn Abriel: So no go. Got your gallbladder is okay. You don't have hemorrhoids or hepatitis or alters your bladder and kidneys work normally and you weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or chronic blood clots or irregular heartbeat.
Dawn Abriel: Now, anything else that I should include here in your medical history.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that's enough. But
Dawn Abriel: Any surgeries.
Suzanne Grossman: hysterectomy. And that's it.
Dawn Abriel: What year was that
I believe
Dawn Abriel: And just your uterus or the full works.
Full
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive and in good health.
Suzanne Grossman: She's alive. She's a raging alcoholic. We don't talk
Dawn Abriel: And Father see alive.
Suzanne Grossman: He passed away. I don't know how long ago we were not close. I don't even know what he died. Oh.
Dawn Abriel: How old was he, do you know about
Suzanne Grossman: I think he's only 63
Suzanne Grossman: pretty young.
Dawn Abriel: And you don't know if he had addiction problems.
Suzanne Grossman: I don't know anything about him. He was a beast. That's a lie. Now,
Dawn Abriel: And do you have siblings.
Suzanne Grossman: I have a brother and a sister, and we don't speak. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: First, sister, she alive.
Suzanne Grossman: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And in good health.
Suzanne Grossman: As far as I know. Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And brother.
Suzanne Grossman: He's a raging alcoholic and he's alive.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me the role tobacco plays in your life.
Suzanne Grossman: I'm down to 15 cigarettes a day and I'm working on quitting.
Dawn Abriel: Good for you.
Dawn Abriel: You'll find it easier to quit being on the Suboxone
Suzanne Grossman: I was hoping you would say that I really was.
Dawn Abriel: Um, yeah, and I really work closely with people who want to quit smoking, so just let me know if how I can further this because I
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now there's a
Dawn Abriel: The CDC has a site where they you call in and they'll send you free nicotine patches, if you want.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, I've gotten the gum and the laws and just from the New Mexico quick now line.
Dawn Abriel: Great, great.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. So how old were you when you first started smoking.
Dawn Abriel: 15 okay and alcohol.
Dawn Abriel: You when you started. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And your last drink.
Suzanne Grossman: Two and a half years ago or longer. Okay. Oh, I don't have a date.
Dawn Abriel: You eat healthy meals.
Suzanne Grossman: I haven't processed solid food in over a year because I can't. So I'm on nutrition shakes.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah.
Suzanne Grossman: I'm saying
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah yeah
Dawn Abriel: Um, do you have a household smoke detector.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: You keep any guns in your home.
Suzanne Grossman: Nope.
Dawn Abriel: You wear your seat belts.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Are you sexually active right now.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you're female and you identify as female
Suzanne Grossman: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Do you ever use benzodiazepines recreationally
Dawn Abriel: Know you were born and raised where
Suzanne Grossman: I was born in Franklin, Pennsylvania, but I've been in New Mexico, off and on, since I was two. So I would just go with New Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: Your caffeine intake.
Suzanne Grossman: Oh Lord, it's a bad thing. I love coffee, but I can only have it in the morning.
Suzanne Grossman: And it's about a cup.
Suzanne Grossman: And then if I go for that second cup. I just fill up with bile and can't do it. And then I try in the afternoon because masochistic of me coffee. So then I throw that out, you know, so I get like one good cup a day in the morning.
With my wondering
Dawn Abriel: You have children.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: How far did you go in school.
10th grade.
Dawn Abriel: And what kind of jobs. Have you had
Suzanne Grossman: Waitress Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you ever use methamphetamine.
Dawn Abriel: No cocaine.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you started. And when was the last time.
Suzanne Grossman: I started when I was 26 and it lasted about a month so
Suzanne Grossman: Brief taking experiment.
Dawn Abriel: And you're not homeless right now. Right.
Suzanne Grossman: No, I own my home. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fun.
Suzanne Grossman: Right now I'm attempting stained glass which is brand new to me.
Dawn Abriel: Mm hmm.
Suzanne Grossman: And before that, I was, you know, I used to crochet, but my hands. Can't do it. And my eyes are going
Suzanne Grossman: Now the Christian got harder and the stained glass is the soldering is fun for me take my mind off stuff.
Suzanne Grossman: Good, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And you have no legal issues pending, with whom do you live.
Suzanne Grossman: I live alone and zero legal issues.
Dawn Abriel: Right, and no military service.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Your source of support is so security. Yes.
Suzanne Grossman: SS I at 783 a month.
Suzanne Grossman: Wow. Yep.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, that's horrible.
Dawn Abriel: And the weight loss is due to the pancreatitis.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started having periods.
Suzanne Grossman: I was in middle school eighth grade.
Suzanne Grossman: 1213 I think as I know I was a late bloomer compared to the other girls.
Suzanne Grossman: Were 30
Dawn Abriel: And you had a hysterectomy.
Dawn Abriel: Why
Suzanne Grossman: I was full of cysts, like a pound and a half assists, good to go.
Dawn Abriel: Not fibroids but sis
Suzanne Grossman: Fibroids that's
Dawn Abriel: Worse. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: That she felt a lot better women's wear out.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, it's just, I couldn't figure out what i'm doing dishes. And it just so painful just even touch the counter.
Suzanne Grossman: And then I go and it was all fibroids.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: How many pregnancies.
Suzanne Grossman: One.
Dawn Abriel: Now I have to read a really long list, but don't mention any withdrawal symptoms. These are
Dawn Abriel: All chronic things
Dawn Abriel: So we will put down abdominal pain, because that's that happens a lot, and I will say,
Dawn Abriel: Secondary to chronic pain Korea Titus.
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating the light red eyes double vision, blurred vision,
Suzanne Grossman: I have everything but the blurred vision, and eating a lot daily I have the cramping.
Suzanne Grossman: Oh, look at my list that I gave have a lock Thursday that might make it easier. So, fatigue, loss of appetite, the weight loss. The abdominal swelling.
Suzanne Grossman: The constipation, diarrhea, gas hard earned najah stomach cramps daily vomiting. She put in Malaysia.
Dawn Abriel: Malaysia. Yes, that's the same thing is fatigue.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay cuz she put fatigue gamma
Suzanne Grossman: That'll help right there. It's daily
Suzanne Grossman: Sorry about that.
Dawn Abriel: But you don't have problems with your mouth or your tongue or your gums. You don't have any neck problems, you know, difficulty breathing shortness of breath or new cough.
Dawn Abriel: You know, just paying palpitations, you can read when you're lying down. No ankle edema swelling know varicose veins know painful urination and no blood in your urine.
Suzanne Grossman: I get the painful urination and they said that. That's because pieces of my pancreas that are dead, get into my bloodstream and cause UTI.
Yep.
Suzanne Grossman: So I get that I take cranberry but it's it's a lot. I mean, it's a lot of UT eyes.
Dawn Abriel: Did you know that the cranberry is better at preventing than it is curing it doesn't cure it. Once you get a foothold. The bacteria get a foothold in the bladder.
Dawn Abriel: It doesn't help it, but it, it can help prevent it helps prevent the bacteria from adhering to the wall and getting into those little nooks and crannies and studying an infection.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay um I scheduled
Suzanne Grossman: Right after I got a hold of bright heart on Friday I scheduled an appointment with my primary care for tomorrow morning at 8am and I will bring that up to her that I might need a little bit of an antibiotics and
Dawn Abriel: Well. She'll. She'll look at your urine and see if you've got bacteria in there because there is such a thing as
Dawn Abriel: The protein in your bladder irritating it and it's a mechanical pain and not a bacterial caused pain.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so she'll look at the urine under the microscope and
Dawn Abriel: Okay and test it to see okay I'm
Dawn Abriel: Back, muscle pain tender points muscle cramps in the back or limp. The
Suzanne Grossman: Backups the pain because of the pancreas, it moves from the front and it moves to your back. There's nowhere else to go. So I do get quite a bit of back pain just under the lower room.
Suzanne Grossman: In the back.
Dawn Abriel: numbness, tingling tremor lack of coordination weakness difficulty speaking change in mood, depression, we will say depression.
Suzanne Grossman: And I only get weakness, because I don't I have a lack of nutrition right now.
Right, all different
Dawn Abriel: And your sleep disturbances that getting to sleep or staying asleep.
Suzanne Grossman: Well lately. I don't want to go to sleep because when I wake up takes a good hour to try to get adjusted and feel normal again.
Suzanne Grossman: And when I get to sleep. I'm getting like two to four hours at a time.
Suzanne Grossman: So my sleep is really rough and has been it's been ongoing and my doctors on them.
Suzanne Grossman: And I don't like to sleep aids and
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now you have no suicidal thoughts, not feeling hopeless no delusions or hallucinations and no easy breezy.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And why don't we go through your medication list.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, I've shortened it myself.
Dawn Abriel: I was good. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: First one.
Suzanne Grossman: So we've got our oxycodone
Suzanne Grossman: Which I'm only supposed to be taking 7.5 with Tylenol in it three times a day. So I go into withdrawal every month because I'm doing 30 milligram dosages, then we have on danza Tron, which is najim
Dawn Abriel: July 2, hold on.
Hold on.
Dawn Abriel: I need to put in the details here.
Dawn Abriel: 30 milligrams to D.
Dawn Abriel: No, I didn't do it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: Dance.
Dawn Abriel: You know what it doesn't listen, has it as
Dawn Abriel: Though friend, so
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, just go for him.
Dawn Abriel: And it's the eight milligram tablet.
Suzanne Grossman: Four milligram, I believe.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, I don't know where my boxes. I got one in my wallet.
Suzanne Grossman: That's OK.
Suzanne Grossman: OK.
Suzanne Grossman: So, and then I'm taking Korean which is an enzyme.
Dawn Abriel: Has how's it spelled
Suzanne Grossman: Si R E o n
Suzanne Grossman: 1020 52,000 Units three times a day.
Suzanne Grossman: 52,000
Dawn Abriel: No, it's not that one.
Suzanne Grossman: Thing, they should be 26,000 look at that as a single pill 26
Dawn Abriel: There's a 36 and a 24. Let me see the Korean five if that hasn't that's 5000 units.
Dawn Abriel: That you set
Suzanne Grossman: It to my cabinet.
Dawn Abriel: I don't know if it's all that important. I'm going to just put one in there and if it ever becomes an issue or anything else.
Suzanne Grossman: Let's see, we got the Nigeria enzyme, the opioid
Suzanne Grossman: It's pretty much. That's it for what I've got myself down to
Dawn Abriel: Great.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any allergies to medicines.
Suzanne Grossman: Well not anymore. At first you know the opioids very so sick. I thought I was allergic. And then after so long. I JUST ADJUSTED
Dawn Abriel: And you bathe yourself dress yourself feed yourself. Go to the bathroom by yourself and go from one place to another by yourself.
Dawn Abriel: You know who you are, where you are, what time it is. You make your own decisions you have memory that's normal for your age, you can direct your attention and you can read. Yes, I assume. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know how to get your pulse.
Suzanne Grossman: I haven't been a long time.
Suzanne Grossman: But yes, I can do.
Dawn Abriel: Let me show you.
Dawn Abriel: You have a muscle that goes from your jaw down to your sternum. If you feel just in front of it.
Dawn Abriel: Got it. Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting. Hold on.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
Dawn Abriel: What number
Seven.
Dawn Abriel: And how tall are you,
Suzanne Grossman: Five one
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
Suzanne Grossman: I checked in at an even 100 on Thursday. So let's keep it at that because I was 92 just a few days before. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You're right on the edge.
Dawn Abriel: Night.
Dawn Abriel: He made it
Suzanne Grossman: I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Your, your BMI is 18.89 and we consider it severely underweight when people are
Dawn Abriel: Under 19
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, well I got my weight up to 100
Suzanne Grossman: Lately it's hard for me to maintain even a 96 but I'm trying really hard.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so now we need to do a little physical exam. So come real close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Suzanne Grossman: My doing it.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay. Relax, let go pull back.
Dawn Abriel: Make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Left.
Dawn Abriel: Up.
Dawn Abriel: And down.
Dawn Abriel: Breathe out of either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, open your mouth really wide and stick your tongue out at me. Move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Okay Close your mouth bite down your teeth fit. Normally, and you have no job pain.
Dawn Abriel: Now, great. Let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, can you move the camera down just a little bit. Yeah. And let me see you take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Super and bring your chin to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And ear to shoulder
Dawn Abriel: Back.
Dawn Abriel: Back in front. Yes. So did mine because I was showing you
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Let's see, self patient. So when you press on your belly. Where do you notice pain.
Suzanne Grossman: Right here.
Suzanne Grossman: It's right on the left, below the beginning of your sternum, or your pancreas says
Suzanne Grossman: It's right there.
Dawn Abriel: And are there any masses in there. It's just paying
Suzanne Grossman: It's painting. It's swollen, because the pancreas doesn't something nowadays.
Suzanne Grossman: Like my posture has suffered because I'm always leaning forward because the pain actually makes you double over
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah now trying to keep alert with this. Sit up straight, but I always end up
Suzanne Grossman: My own do
Dawn Abriel: You have any tattoos.
Suzanne Grossman: I have one on my left shoulder. When I was 19 and it's a blur of a lion now.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see you touch your fingers to your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: Both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and prop the camera camera up and I want to see you pull your against your fingers.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Am I gonna put you
Suzanne Grossman: You're gonna get a little bit
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Just like pool.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, no pain or discomfort when you do that.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Griffin. Okay, now take the camera down and let me see your ankles.
Suzanne Grossman: Like, take my socks off.
Dawn Abriel: Well, if you can just push them down so I can see
Some of your
Suzanne Grossman: Mistakes. I can't tell if you can see
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I can. That's great. Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, perfect. Okay, so let's talk about the program.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you. Do you do have to go. You might want to write. I'm going to send you an email that has a lot of this information saved the email because it has the important numbers on it for you.
Dawn Abriel: You have to go get labs drawn. I need unless you've had like labs within the last couple of months. You can have them faxed over to bright heart health, but I do need to see what your, your liver is up to.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I give what are called E prescriptions electronic you'll never have a piece of paper to deal with.
Suzanne Grossman: My dog has to that. Yeah, my primary
Dawn Abriel: Care.
Dawn Abriel: And you have to tell the pharmacist, you know, you'll call ahead and say, Is my E prescription ready
Dawn Abriel: Okay and I caution people
Dawn Abriel: There seems to be a lot of mistakes that are made that as you're at the counter, you have the tech or the pharmacist open the package before they hand it to you.
Dawn Abriel: And check that it's the right dose in the right amount and the right form. So once you touch the package. By law they are not allowed to take it back no matter what they will not take it back. See, you're stuck with ever whatever medicine. You're on.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, that's actually a simple thing. And I had them start counting my opioids, because there was a couple of times where one was missing. Just, just one. Yep. Yeah, so I switched pharmacies, because one kept missing.
Dawn Abriel: Yep, that's some some pharmacist is addicted to the opioid that
Dawn Abriel: You're shorting you yeah
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I'm
Suzanne Grossman: One.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to start you on the film and they're nasty tasting things
Dawn Abriel: I've had all my patients tell me. We've tried every single brand on the market. They all taste nasty. So don't think you can try another brand and have a taste better, because they're all nasty.
Um,
Dawn Abriel: So you you have to put it under your tongue, but you should absolutely no smoking at least a half an hour before you take your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: Because you're counting on the blood vessels under your tongue.
Dawn Abriel: To absorb the medicine and smoking causes all of your blood vessels all over your body to cramp down. That's why it's so dangerous for heart disease and stroke and kidney problems because of that cramping down so
Suzanne Grossman: Out of you. Good to know.
Dawn Abriel: You've got to have those vessels widened up and ready to take the medicine takes about two minutes for to fully dissolve and get in your system.
Dawn Abriel: You know 15 minutes later, you can really rinse your mouth. It is important, all opioids cause dry mouth.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah yeah
Dawn Abriel: And that dryness puts your teeth and gums at high risk for disease. I have a person who recently was telling me about her all her teeth were really loose and she was on a really low dose.
Dawn Abriel: So I looked it up and it is a very common problem. It's not as common as people who take methamphetamine.
Dawn Abriel: You know, that's a very particular they get so dried out that they they lose their teeth, they get very decayed, but it still happens with people on opioids. So I caution you to really take your oral hygiene.
Dawn Abriel: I seriously.
Suzanne Grossman: my gums are bleeding and I knew it was opioids and then my eyes. I got cataracts already and I talked to the eye doctor and he said, it might be the opioid I'm only 47
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And once a month you'll have to do a urine drug screen. And what that entails is you will receive this in the mail a manila envelope.
Dawn Abriel: And when you get it.
Dawn Abriel: Do not open it. If you open it, they won't use it, they'll have to send you to a lab. So don't open the package. You go to the virtual clinic and say, what do I do with this.
Dawn Abriel: And they will tell you to open it in front of them and then take out this and it has a year and cup in it will open this go to the bathroom, come back and you'll take the urine cup and hold it up to the camera and very slowly turn it and it will read the results up in northern sample.
Dawn Abriel: God so
Dawn Abriel: If you
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it is easy. Much better than going to a lab. If you don't get a hearing cup within a month. Make sure you contact the virtual clinic and say something's wrong with my address and have them check it, it's up to you to make sure you get your urine, a
Suzanne Grossman: Proactive your. Yes, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you got good
Dawn Abriel: And I have to send you a prescription of Narcan by law. Everyone gets some Narcan when they get an opioid prescription. So just have it around handy.
Dawn Abriel: When you, when you come to group. There are some very specific requirements, what you have right now is perfect. You have lighting where I can see your facial expressions.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you live alone. So this isn't an issue but there absolutely cannot be anyone in the room with you.
Dawn Abriel: Guys can imagine if someone accidentally snooze someone that you're looking at. They can see someone in there in your group that they know that would just be horrible.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, you got it.
Dawn Abriel: Extreme have to do. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You have to do a brief addiction monitor before every group.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now that's a
Dawn Abriel: It's questions that so I can follow
Dawn Abriel: Problems that you can always talk about in group.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, so you're going to be required to do a pain scale every week. So the pain doctor can keep track of loops.
Dawn Abriel: I lost your bud.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, I'm here.
Dawn Abriel: I can't find it.
Suzanne Grossman: I'm look left and maybe it went down under the desk or towards the chair.
Suzanne Grossman: I thought it popped to your left.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's right. Can you hear me with just one year bug.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah.
Suzanne Grossman: I can hear you fine. And then
Dawn Abriel: Allah. Allah for it later.
Dawn Abriel: I did. I tried
Suzanne Grossman: I don't see didn't hear anything.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Um, well, we can finish up here and I'll, I'll look for it.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I also after we're done. I want you to go back to the virtual clinic, the place you came to when we first before you came in to see me, you
Dawn Abriel: Always go to the virtual clinic.
Dawn Abriel: Before individual appointment or any group, you have to check in with them, just like you check into the doctor's office and you go to the front office and someone checks your insurance and etc.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, I was trying to call the number this morning.
Suzanne Grossman: And I'm like, what am I doing, and then I got on the tablet. And I thought I was supposed to punch that number in
Dawn Abriel: The zoom
Dawn Abriel: It's a video or. Right. Right. Yeah, but the numbers look so much like a like a phone. Yeah, it's confusing.
Suzanne Grossman: Started
Dawn Abriel: So when you go back, I want you to ask them two things. How do I do the BAM.
Suzanne Grossman: Bam.
Dawn Abriel: Be a brief addiction monitor
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Because
Dawn Abriel: You'll have to do that before Wednesday, you can get an hour before a day before, it doesn't matter. Just don't wait to the last minute, because then you'll be late to group and
Suzanne Grossman: So neither for
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, why not.
Dawn Abriel: And then the care coordinator will give you the group room number for that group, it changes every week.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so that's how we we check in with people is because they have to get that unique group room number
Suzanne Grossman: Got it.
Dawn Abriel: And then I want you to ask them to set you up to do a brief analysis. It's only 10 questions. It's called the AC E, the adverse childhood experiences.
Dawn Abriel: I guessing you did one for kaseman but
Dawn Abriel: Just one time.
Dawn Abriel: And let's decide on your dose. I'm guessing that we're going to have to fiddle, a little bit.
Dawn Abriel: So you took a dose at eight this morning.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, you need at least 12 hours until you have to be in withdrawal before you can take the buprenorphine otherwise it'll kick you into really severe
Dawn Abriel: Withdraw yeah
Suzanne Grossman: The
Dawn Abriel: buprenorphine has a higher affinity for the receptor. So it'll knock all your oxy off and preferentially bind to the receptors.
Suzanne Grossman: This was the part that scared me cuz I didn't know that. Dr. Krista St. Vincent didn't say a word. Unless up to 30 this morning when I was Googling and got a live person that's when I heard about you have to be in withdrawal.
Suzanne Grossman: So yeah well hours of withdrawal. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: At least, because if you're you'll know you'll know right away. And if that happens, just know that it will pass the buprenorphine will come into effect.
Dawn Abriel: Eventually, but given the dose that you're on. I'm guessing you're going to need at least two strips.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to write for two but I recommend that you take one and you see how you do. You know, you're getting too much buprenorphine. If you get sleepy, it should not make you sleepy. If you're good.
Dawn Abriel: If the if all the medicine is binding to the receptors.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So what I want you to do is around eight o'clock tonight. You're going to take a sub if it takes about an hour to kick in and you know if you're
Dawn Abriel: If you're, if you're really disturbed you wake up at three o'clock in the morning, then we know that that's not enough for you and the in the morning you'll take two of them.
Dawn Abriel: All at the same time. This is a long acting medicine. You do not have to split it up during the day, you take both of the strips in the morning.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So then that'll be it takes two or three days before we know what your blood level is steady at. So you've got to keep really track of how your body's feeling
Dawn Abriel: Throughout the experience. So this is a drug that you won't need to go up and up and up and up on you'll get to a dose that will hold you and
Dawn Abriel: Eventually in a month or so we will start very slowly, very tiny bit bringing you down.
Suzanne Grossman: OK. OK.
Dawn Abriel: So yeah, I'll write for two and on the bottle. It'll just say to a day but start out, taking the one tonight when you can
Suzanne Grossman: Got it because I'm going to actually have to take
Suzanne Grossman: In all honesty, I'm gonna have to take a medicine soon so that I can get over the sickness, to get to Edgewood which is you know 22 miles away to get to the pharmacy.
Suzanne Grossman: So now I gotta start counting from the time I take it.
Suzanne Grossman: Or am I getting the prescription today. Yeah. Oh, thank God. Thank you so much. I'm so ready.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, so I'm looking at
Suzanne Grossman: Like if we hang up at noon I can't start this until midnight.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, got it.
Suzanne Grossman: I 100% understand
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so when is your group.
Suzanne Grossman: My group is Wednesday at 130
Dawn Abriel: Correct. And I will put your name in one of the care coordinators named Jamie bird bone will set up an appointment for you to see Dr. Jackson and
Dawn Abriel: You will, you will tell her that you want to be in that Wednesday.
Dawn Abriel: 130 group. I think there are enough. She's been waiting for me to find enough people for her to start so you'll be able to get right in on the beginning of this
Dawn Abriel: She does like a 12 week course.
Dawn Abriel: And it starts over
Suzanne Grossman: So all right, and
Dawn Abriel: You might Google her and listen to her TED talk.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, he's last name.
Dawn Abriel: J CK s o n
Dawn Abriel: Tracy is her first name.
Suzanne Grossman: Oh, okay. I was looking at Jamie urban
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's the care coordinator that'll help
Suzanne Grossman: You. I got confused right there. All right. Yeah. Bear with me.
Suzanne Grossman: No problem. Okay, I will Google. I'm getting really good at Google.
Dawn Abriel: So do you have any questions.
Suzanne Grossman: I don't believe so.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm just gonna check. Let me, let me try to do put the prescription in right now, so I make sure they have the right pharmacy.
Suzanne Grossman: That was what I was going to ask is, if you could give it to
Suzanne Grossman: My Walker road, I believe I'm gonna check my bottle. One of the many
Dawn Abriel: So, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday 246 I'm only going to give you enough to get to group. That way we can reevaluate.
Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Five Walker road is what I have
Yet
Suzanne Grossman: And
Suzanne Grossman: Was it yesterday.
Suzanne Grossman: Someone already sent me up. Oh, it was yesterday when she called to teach me the video I already asked her to send my lab request to try corn in Edgewood so
Dawn Abriel: Oh, perfect, perfect.
Suzanne Grossman: And I just got a message says my doctor has sent
Suzanne Grossman: Your doctor has sent you a discount for your prescription
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's me. That just means that I wrote the order
Dawn Abriel: Some pharmacies. Let me do that automatically, which is kind of nice.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: It doesn't mean that it made it to the pharmacy just means that
Dawn Abriel: I wrote the order. Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah, I got it.
tricky stuff.
Suzanne Grossman: So I do have a question, because I am scared to death withdraw my body's been through enough. I'm so treacherous little body is just getting weak you do you think that I should wait longer than 12 hours or just do it right at the 12 hour mark.
Suzanne Grossman: And then I should be okay.
Dawn Abriel: Look, this is what you can do if you're really scared, cut it up cut one of the strips in half and only take four milligrams, see how you do. If you get sicker. You know, you have to wait longer
Suzanne Grossman: OK, I will
Dawn Abriel: Feel a little better.
Dawn Abriel: But then it only last for four hours. Well, then you know you need that full eight
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, and how long again or is one strips post last 24 hour period, but
Dawn Abriel: 24 hours if you have enough if you're if the medicine binds to all the receptors that you have created because of the high dose of
Opioid
Suzanne Grossman: Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: And I'm going to start with the half strip tonight.
Dawn Abriel: That's what I would recommend
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, that's what I needed to know.
Suzanne Grossman: I'm sorry. I'm so tired of being tortured by medication.
Suzanne Grossman: Really I get. Oh.
Suzanne Grossman: And my family so scared they're like they were so against opioids and now they're scared that I'm not gonna be able to handle
Suzanne Grossman: The Suboxone and I said I, giving it a shot. No matter what. And I'm sorry, you guys are scared, but this is the game plan with my last and latest specialist because I'm Dr padlock is my last referral.
Suzanne Grossman: The, the GIS here at press and UNAM so there's done there's nothing else they can do for me now it's nutrition nutrition nutrition and I die.
Suzanne Grossman: So I'm thinking opioid slope. They just general messing with my head. Let's try this pain block monthly which will be a little bit of hell. But I think that the Suboxone is a big step. And I think you
Suzanne Grossman: You're trying to
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I think most people like the simplicity. They like the
Dawn Abriel: The, the fact that they're not drowsy from the the short acting. They don't have to take it as often. It's just a little nicer medicine. It was created to address end of life pain that's what it was made for
Dawn Abriel: Okay, because
Dawn Abriel: A gram
Dawn Abriel: Of buprenorphine equals 20 milligrams of morphine.
Suzanne Grossman: Oh,
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You can see how even though you're taking about 91 strip might be enough for you. We don't know. We have to follow your body
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, I'm hoping it is open one surface goodness
Suzanne Grossman: And then Wednesday.
Suzanne Grossman: After my 130 appointment, do I speak with you again, we're
Dawn Abriel: Always there know your you'll be with a therapist and a doctor. Me and the therapist.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, I remember
Dawn Abriel: When you show up for group.
Dawn Abriel: And you're there for the hour than I write for the prescription
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: That's how it works.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm my
Dawn Abriel: Your, your therapist will be Dominique pozo
Suzanne Grossman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And she will get ahold of you to do the the intake.
Dawn Abriel: That I'm sure you've had done a few times.
Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: And you'll tell her that you already have a therapist and you don't, we don't need
Dawn Abriel: To have individual therapy. But what we what we do need is for you to tell the virtual clinic people to get a release of information so that your casement therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Can verify that you you been to the scheduled appointment. We don't need the gruesome gory details. We just need verification that you've seen
Dawn Abriel: The person that so we know you're getting the treatment.
Suzanne Grossman: Yes, I understand.
Suzanne Grossman: I have to smoke. Now, I was trying not to.
Suzanne Grossman: Ah,
Dawn Abriel: Yes, but when you're in group. You can't smoke.
Dawn Abriel: Or any people are trying to quit. So
Suzanne Grossman: I wouldn't do that to someone
Suzanne Grossman: Yeah.
All right.
Suzanne Grossman: So I need one more.
Suzanne Grossman: Relay of when I'm done with you. I go back
Suzanne Grossman: To the beginning receptionist.
Suzanne Grossman: To learn of the BAM and a
Dawn Abriel: Face right and
Dawn Abriel: And sign the release of information for the therapist.
Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: So all I do is I leave here and then I hit the arrow to go back or close out everything and then go back
Dawn Abriel: And have you have to, this is a different zoom room.
Dawn Abriel: So you have to say end meeting.
Dawn Abriel: And then go back
Dawn Abriel: To the virtual clinic zoom room.
Suzanne Grossman: Got it.
Dawn Abriel: Which is that 408 number
Okay.
Suzanne Grossman: Got it.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: It was nice meeting you will see you Wednesday.
Suzanne Grossman: Yes, thank you. And do I see
Dawn Abriel: Yes, you call and ask them if it's been packaged for you.
Suzanne Grossman: All right. Thank
Suzanne Grossman: You very much.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, there was one other thing God got it.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, a lot of my head.
Dawn Abriel: Oh that because I'll be sending you the email, you will have my email address and the therapist email address so that'll be in the right in the heading.
Dawn Abriel: So if something's going on with your medicine, you can call the virtual clinic and say, I need to talk with the doc or you can email me.
Suzanne Grossman: Okay, got it.
Suzanne Grossman: Again, thank you because I really wanted this
Dawn Abriel: Well, let's make it work for you.
Suzanne Grossman: Thank you, something's gotta go right
Suzanne Grossman: For now.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Go back to the virtual clinic.
Suzanne Grossman: All right. Thank you, Don. Have a beautiful day to day
Dawn Abriel: You too. Bye bye.
Bye.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. I think if you will put in the assessment opioid use disorder and nicotine dependence and chronic
Dawn Abriel: pancreatitis.
Dawn Abriel: ghd generalized anxiety disorder. That should do it.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you.